Show read only field by access in admin ui (#2258)
keystonejs/keystone: packages/fields/README.md

A description of the field used used in the GraphQL schema.

### `adminConfig`

Additional field configs affecting field rendering or display in `admin-ui`.

#### `adminConfig.isReadOnly`

> Fields with `isReadOnly` set to `true` will be disabled preventing users from modifying the min the Admin UI. This does not affect access control and fields can still be updated via GraphQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fields with `isReadOnly` set to `true` will have editing disabled in the Admin UI, preventing users from modifying their values.
This does not affect access control and fields can still be updated via GraphQL.
```

> Fields with `isReadOnly` set to `true` will be disabled preventing users from modifying the min the Admin UI. This does not affect access control and fields can still be updated via GraphQL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fields with `isReadOnly` set to `true` will be disabled preventing users from modifying them in the Admin UI. This does not affect access control and fields can still be updated via GraphQL.
```

> This admin config makes the field read only in `admin-ui`, Field with `isReadOnly` set to `true` will be rendered as disabled and you can not modify them in Item Details page or in Create item modal.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Fields with `isReadOnly` set to `true` will be disabled preventing users from modifying the min the Admin UI. This does not affect access control and fields can still be updated via GraphQL.
```
